hi guys so I'm at the Brighton mill pond
and I caught this a pretty decent sized
car probably about 26 27 inches I'll be
putting him back in the second
keep watching guys alright guys I got a
freaking huge carp on I saw him hit
he's probably got 34 to 36 inches pretty
awesome I'm going to stop filming right
now and there's a cool fish right there
in the water I don't know if you guys
can see him but I'll be back with you
guys I got I don't know if I'll be able
to land this guy but hopefully I will so
I'll be back alright guys so I just
caught this pretty nice car
probably about good maybe 32 inches
possibly less he is not as big as I
estimated him to be but he's a decent
sized fish so I'm gonna get a picture
and I'll have to put him back
alright stay tuned guys
you
oh yeah alright so I just caught this
goldfish you're going to bring home this
one yeah with the newspaper no Graham
this one something right away go home
and Sunday yeah well you know order you
need a newspaper idea buddy nah I'll
probably put this guy back cuz I I don't
have a fish tank
okay but this is a pretty nice goldfish
I I've never caught one on here before
that's pretty awesome need to think a
big show
yeah I love the coloration on this guy
you go ahead and stop filming if you
want to check out this son of a gun
pretty nice fish this guy's probably
pushing thirty to thirty three very fat
carp I'm at my friend's snap a good
picture of him then I'll be getting back
in the water he's probably real tired he
put one heck of a fight oh yeah look at
that a nice fish nice fish
you